# RTSP status codes
- rtsp,状态码,协议,
- 2013-07-18 07:24:41


RTSP的状态码是可以拓展的，RTSP的应用不需要理解所以的状态码，只要符合一定的规则就可以了。比如客户端收到一个431，但是又不认识它，可以把它当成400来处理。
这几个x00是最基础的，客户端必须要认识的，其他的看需求了。

下面是协议的原文。

> RTSP status codes are extensible. RTSP applications are not required
>   to understand the meaning of all registered status codes, though such
>   understanding is obviously desirable. However, applications MUST
>   understand the class of any status code, as indicated by the first
>   digit, and treat any unrecognized response as being equivalent to the
>   x00 status code of that class, with the exception that an
>   unrecognized response MUST NOT be cached. For example, if an
>   unrecognized status code of 431 is received by the client, it can
>   safely assume that there was something wrong with its request and
>   treat the response as if it had received a 400 status code. In such
>   cases, user agents SHOULD present to the user the entity returned
>   with the response, since that entity is likely to include human-
>   readable information which will explain the unusual status.

这里是协议里定义的状态码。

	Code           reason

	100            Continue                         all

	200            OK                               all
	201            Created                          RECORD
	250            Low on Storage Space             RECORD

	300            Multiple Choices                 all
	301            Moved Permanently                all
	302            Moved Temporarily                all
	303            See Other                        all
	305            Use Proxy                        all

	400            Bad Request                      all
	401            Unauthorized                     all
	402            Payment Required                 all
	403            Forbidden                        all
	404            Not Found                        all
	405            Method Not Allowed               all
	406            Not Acceptable                   all
	407            Proxy Authentication Required    all
	408            Request Timeout                  all
	410            Gone                             all
	411            Length Required                  all
	412            Precondition Failed              DESCRIBE, SETUP
	413            Request Entity Too Large         all
	414            Request-URI Too Long             all
	415            Unsupported Media Type           all
	451            Invalid parameter                SETUP
	452            Illegal Conference Identifier    SETUP
	453            Not Enough Bandwidth             SETUP
	454            Session Not Found                all
	455            Method Not Valid In This State   all
	456            Header Field Not Valid           all
	457            Invalid Range                    PLAY
	458            Parameter Is Read-Only           SET_PARAMETER
	459            Aggregate Operation Not Allowed  all
	460            Only Aggregate Operation Allowed all
	461            Unsupported Transport            all
	462            Destination Unreachable          all

	500            Internal Server Error            all
	501            Not Implemented                  all
	502            Bad Gateway                      all
	503            Service Unavailable              all
	504            Gateway Timeout                  all
	505            RTSP Version Not Supported       all
	551            Option not support               all
